# Kaggle-Imbalanced-Binary-Classification
The main goal of this work is not stick to that special dataset but to review Important concepts such as generalizability of models, data preprocessing, feature extraction, modeling and evaluation. ML models such as logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine with different kernels, Gaussian Naive Bayes, AdaBoost classifier and Neural networks will be applied to predict class label of Kaggle dataset. This project inspired me to develop a new ML algorithm that is very powerful for cases that meet the required conditions. 

In Part I, the importance of choosing special evaluating metrics for imbalanced datasets and some innovative tricks on scaling, transforming and target encoding will be explained. Also, new features will be extracted via PCA, ICA, LDA and polynomial feature extraction methods. Feature selection section will be omitted since, a great innovative feature selection method presented in my previous notebook on car price prediction. Exploratory data analysis and plots are available at appendix in chapter 15.

In part II, the theory behind innovative approach that called PMG, Parallel Modeling of Groups, for data are derived from multiple sources or from the one source with different modes is presented and two shallow version, PMG-clustered and PMG-boosted are applied to traindata_sia_train.csv and traindata_sia_test.csv datasets that are extracted in Part I. Finally, shallow and deep ML versions of the powerful innovative hybrid of PMG with bagging and boosting are described. 
